# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `charming_chatroom`  
**Scheduled**: 04-02-19 00:00:00  
**Revision**: cfa05c15e09fc4f672e6053eccfdff502c2ef06f  
**Score**: **0** out of **15.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**Client Wrong Port**: Testing that client can't connect to a port that is not the server's port  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test case skipped. Reason: assignment not found. Please pull from _release.
```
---

**Server: Below Port 1024**: Testing student's server can't connect to port below 1024  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test case skipped. Reason: assignment not found. Please pull from _release.
```
---

**Memory**: Testing student's server and client combo for memory errors and leaks  
**0** out of **1.0** points
```
Test case skipped. Reason: assignment not found. Please pull from _release.
```
---

**Student Client | AG Server**: Testing student's client with autograder's server without read/write failures.  
**0** out of **2.0** points
```
Test case skipped. Reason: assignment not found. Please pull from _release.
```
---

**Everything Works**: Testing 8 student clients with student server with read and write fails  
**0** out of **4.0** points
```
Test case skipped. Reason: assignment not found. Please pull from _release.
```
---

**Student Server | AG Client**: Testing student's server with autograder's client without read/write failures.  
**0** out of **2.0** points
```
Test case skipped. Reason: assignment not found. Please pull from _release.
```
---

**Read Failures**: Testing student's client and server with read failures.  
**0** out of **2.0** points
```
Test case skipped. Reason: assignment not found. Please pull from _release.
```
---

**Write Failures**: Testing student's client and server with write failures.  
**0** out of **2.0** points
```
Test case skipped. Reason: assignment not found. Please pull from _release.
```
### Checksums

N/A client.c  
N/A server.c  
N/A utils.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


