# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `critical_concurrency`  
**Scheduled**: 02-26-19 23:59:00  
**Revision**: dcff4d85605717549a49bb84b7502f7cbe206fde  
**Score**: **10.0** out of **24.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**Barrier Memory**: Test barrier implementation with valgrind for memory leaks and errors  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**Barrier Multiple**: Test multiple barriers at once.  
**0.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Failed the test. Output was incorrect.
Failed the test. Output was incorrect.
Failed the test. Output was incorrect.

Passed 0/3 trials.
```
---

**Barrier Reuse**: Test for barrier reusability.  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Failed the test. Output was incorrect.
Failed the test. Output was incorrect.
Failed the test. Output was incorrect.

Passed 0/3 trials.
```
---

**Barrier Single Use**: Test on single use of barrier.  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Failed the test. Output was incorrect.
Failed the test. Output was incorrect.
Failed the test. Output was incorrect.

Passed 0/3 trials.
```
---

**Queue Max Cap**: Queue size doesn't exceed max capacity.  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Queue failed to block!
```
---

**Queue Block on Min**: Queue blocks on pull when queue is empty.  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Queue failed to block!
```
---

**Queue Generic Use**: Generic push and pull large amounts of data  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**Queue Memory**: Valgrind test on queue for memory leaks/errors.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**Queue Stress Test**: Stress tests the queue  
**0.0** out of **4.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Your code passed 0 out of 3 runs
```
---

**Queue Unbounded**: Test that queue is not bounded  
**0.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**Semm_init**: Test semamore init function  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**semm_post block**: Test that semamore post blocks  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**semm_post**: Test that semamore post works.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**Semamore Use**: Generic use of your semamore.  
**3.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**semm_wait blocks**: Test that semamore wait blocks  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**semm_wait**: Test that semamore wait works.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
### Checksums

fbeb4f9f749cbc1210441690e440c3d1439eccc6 queue.c  
8aa620413f3b1aa63020253d14ac6f98943d3420 semamore.c  
57c5ad847e9f7bd868ef1bee74159ac0382bb068 barrier.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


