# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `ideal_indirection`  
**Scheduled**: 03-13-19 00:35:00  
**Revision**: 0c53d3ef4f3a25d29f28e343246ebd2c53696438  
**Score**: **10.0** out of **10.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**test_get_1_address**: 
This ask the MMU for one physical adress:
    Checks that the number of page faults is correct
    Checks that the number of page_table_traversals is correct
  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Good Job!
```
---

**test_get_address_twice**: 
This asks the MMU for one physical_address twice:
    Checks that the number of page_faults is correct.
    Checks that the number of page_table_traversalss is correct.
    Checks that the physical address is persistent.
  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Good Job!
```
---

**test_interleave**: 
This asks the MMU for 2 physical_address interleaved among each other:
    Checks that the number of page_faults is correct.
    Checks that the number of page_table_traversals is correct.
    Checks that the physical address is persistent.
  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Good Job!
```
---

**test_multiprocess**: 
This tests two processes asking for the same virtual address.
    Note: the physical addresses should be different.
  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Good Job!
```
---

**test_page_fault_no_swap**: This test will read and write to a page in the DATA segment that is in the processes segmentation but no pages have been allocated for it yet.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Good Job!
```
---

**test_page_fault_with_swap**: This test will read and write to a page that has been paged to disk.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Good Job!
```
---

**test_same_vpns_diff_offset**: 
This tests if you are effectively using the TLB for the fact that
    "all virtual addresses with the same 4 virtual page numbers will map to the same frame in memory".
  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Good Job!
```
---

**test_segfault**: This tests if you are correctly causing a segfault when an unallocated frame is attempted to be referenced  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Good Job!
```
---

**test_set_flags**: This test will read and write to a page in the DATA segment that is in the processes segmentation but no pages have been allocated for it yet.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Good Job!
```
---

**test_spam1**: This test spams get_1_address() a bunch.  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Good Job!
```
### Checksums

74ee0c03efadb317369b6c8b03e8710ee0b9a94e mmu.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


